---
layout: post
title: "Blog 1"
date: 2026-03-01
---

## ***My Journey Begins...***

### **Who am I?**

My name is Emily Chou, and I am an international student from Taiwan currently majoring in Computer Science at SFSU. 

As someone who has experience in creating websites, I always try to focus on what layout, feature, and placement would be the best for my intended users. Whenever I come across a new website, I like to think about how this website is doing well and what it lacks design-wise. Over time, I’ve come to understand that good design is just as important as good code.
Learning about Human-Computer Interaction will help me take that mindset further. Instead of relying on instinct alone, I want to base my design decisions on research, user behavior, and proven principles. I want my projects to not only function properly but also provide the best possible experience for the people using them.


### **What excites me aout HCI**

Before this class, I thought technology was mostly about coding and hardware. But HCI showed me that technology is not just about machines. It’s about people.
HCI focuses on how humans interact with computers, apps, websites, devices, and everything digital. It asks questions like:
- Is this easy to use?
- Does this design make people feel confident?
- Is this accessible to everyone?

What excites me most is that HCI combines psychology, creativity, design, and problem-solving. It’s not just about building something that works; it’s about building something that *works well for humans*.
And that changes everything.


### **How HCI impacts my life**

### **HCI and my personal growth**

### **My project**